her and a princess
I will tell you about three issues today
small but very interesting news
be sure to put the likes if you want
see more videos on this game and
let's start the most important news on
about updating for halloween
one of the fans in the fnaf 4 steem community
Game created post in general guy wrote
what looks like scott has more
free time because scott
his opinion
still can't decide what to do on
halloween update
and some time after this guy
commented himself scott and wrote that
decided what it will be just not yet
make an announcement about it that is
it turns out that the present moment
the cattle is not resting and is engaged
preparing a surprise for halloween and so
how scott wrote what the ad would do
it is possible that this will be a new teaser and
as soon as we see him most likely
it will be clear what is preparing for us
code and if you consider the fact that Scott already
started a project for halloween
then most likely it will be something big
agree friends but with really
great so we will wait for ads
from scott
and now go to 2 goals a
about
official fnaf movie recently
film director
Christmas trees tweeted
new photos which shows
sign board
attention curtain
will fall and rise without
warnings this label and clearly
relates to the future film fnaf
taco bell channel is now engaged only
these films
comments approached photo many started
write that maybe this tablet will have
pirate bay with foxy as there is
curtain but it is hardly valuable sheets
vertical so most likely this
a curtain
will be on the main stage with
animatronics get shooting
fans' official film is nearing
top so we will wait for a friend
now go to the third news about
which you often write from the news about
that scott his official twitter
left your real photo this is not fake
friends and this is not a scott account
however this photo is new to me and if
search for facebook can be found
several same photos that were
published
back in 2013 probably scott just
like this photo and so he
I decided to put it and maybe he
just doesn't like being photographed and
to have this right many also do not like
take a picture in general friends told you
some interesting news and hope
release you must have
put likes
tell about this video with all your
friends and acquaintances join my group
in contact ssylochka under this video
subscribe to my happy channel
and wait for the following my videos hid
success to new meetings
not